Add some more details about task catchup for hibernation (#3278)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-settings.md

    ![A Deployment with a Hibernating status on the Deployments page of the Cloud UI](/img/docs/hibernating-status.png)

- Any task that was previously running will be killed and marked as failed.
- Tasks and DAGs do not run. Task instances that were already running or scheduled at the time of hibernation will fail and trigger any related notifications.
- No Deployment resources are available. This includes the scheduler, webserver, and all workers.
- You can't access the Airflow UI for the Deployment.
- You can't deploy project images or DAGs to the Deployment.

> When your hibernation schedule ends, the Deployment will rerun any failed tasks from DAGs with `catchup=true`. To avoid incurring additional resource costs, Astronomer recommends disabling catchup on DAGs in hibernating Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your hibernation schedule ends, the Deployment will start any DAG runs for data intervals that were missed during hibernation for DAGs with `catchup=true`. To avoid incurring additional resource costs, Astronomer recommends disabling catchup on DAGs in hibernating Deployments.
```
Catchup won't rerun anything that had previously failed. It will just run any DAG runs that would have been scheduled had Airflow been on at the time. The suggested language is closest to what Airflow uses in its docs - open to other suggestions, but generally want to avoid "scheduled"/"skipped" or any words that also have a DAG or task status meaning in Airflow.
